{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red17\green85\blue204;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\b\fs28\lang9 Jun-Ho Kim (President)\b0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1\lang1033 Email: junhok@sfu.ca\par
Year: 3rd\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\f0\lang9\par
Hey everyone! It is a pleasure to be elected president for the Software Systems Student Society and be tasked with representing all of you! \par
My goal for this student society during my term is to:\par
1) Strengthen our relations with the other pre-existing DSUs within the Faculty of Applied Sciences,\par
2) Display a stronger presence of Software Systems and the student society at the Surrey Campus,\par
3) Make a clear distinction between Computing Science and Software Systems, and ensure that students are enrolled in the right program, and\par
4) Bring fun and educational events for our Software Systems students and make sure their concerns are swiftly addressed.\par
If I'm not doing any volunteering work, you can find me either at the Fleetwood Recreational Centre or the SFU Burnaby gym! I also like to party and have a good time with friends when I'm not busy. \par
I hope that I can be a great president for you all. If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact me either through email, Facebook, or just along the hallways at SFU!\par
\par
Best wishes,\par
KoreansWag\par
\par
----------\par
\par
\b\fs28 Daniel Shi (Vice-President)\b0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1\lang1033 Email: xdshi@sfu.ca\par
Year: 4th\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\f0\lang9\par
I am a 4th year SOSY and Innovation and Entrepreneurship student that has been involved in the SSSS since May 2016. I am grateful for the event-planning and networking opportunities SSSS presents, allowing us to introduce new events such as Systems Hacks last year where we created and showcased our ideas on lifestyle improvements through programming. On a different note, some of my hobbies outside of school consist of web-developing, running and travelling. I look forward to working with the 2017 SSSS Executive team and planning System Hacks 2018!\par
\par
----------\par
\par
\b\fs28 Alvin Ho (Secretary)\b0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1\lang1033 Email: hoalvinh@sfu.ca\par
Year: 2nd\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\f0\lang9\par
Hi, I\rquote m Alvin and this year\rquote s secretary. I look forward to meeting you at our events, especially at Board Game Nights! I\rquote m a competitive smart aleck, who can usually be found sabotaging my studying friends with new games. If you ever need help, regardless if it is about programming or just passing the time, send me an email and I will see what I can do!\par
Likes: Board games, composing music, and writing efficient code\par
Dislikes: Writing, bios, and writing bios\par
\par
----------\par
\par
\b\fs28 Hilal Asmat (Treasurer)\b0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1\lang1033 Email: hasmat@sfu.ca\par
Year: 3rd\par
\cf0\b0\f0\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1 Hello World! I'm a third year Software Systems student here at SFU. I'm passionate about promoting diversity within the software engineering field, whether it's by example, or raising awareness.\par
As your SSSS Treasurer, I'll be doing a lot of the behind-the-scenes work. Together with my excellent team, I hope we can bring you all fun events that help put SOSY out there. I plan on making this a fun and eventful year for SOSY, so stay tuned!\par
I enjoy listening to music, going to the movies, and baking. You can find me on the Surrey campus pretty much week-round, so say hi!\par
----------\par
\par
\b\fs28 Andy Wu (Director of Activities)\b0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1\lang1033 Email: wuandyw@sfu.ca\par
Year: 2nd\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\f0\lang9\par
Hey, SOSY! My name is Andy Wu, and I\rquote m your Director of Activities for the SSSS. My goal is to create events that are catered to your interests and enjoyment. I\rquote m a generally chill guy who enjoys dank memes and gaming. Hobbies of mine are writing poetry, figuring out puzzle solving problems, and not dying before finals. Sometimes I get stuck in the matrix. If your name is Neo by any chance, I\rquote m sure you can save me from linear algebra. Look forward to meeting you!\par
\par
----------\par
\par
\b\fs28 Josh Fernandez (Director of Marketing and Resources)\b0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1\lang1033 Email: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jafernan@sfu.ca"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul jafernan@sfu.ca}}}}\f1\fs22\par
Year: 4th\par
\b0\par
-\par
Hey, SOSY friends! I\rquote m Josh, and I am your director for marketing and resources. It\rquote s nice to meet you!\par
\par
I am honoured and privileged to be leading and serving the Software Systems Student Society because of the events I host and the connections I make with other SOSY friends like you! Whether you are competing in hackathons, playing dodgeball at frosh, or taking advantage of the free pizza and pop at Board Games Night every month, I can guarantee you\rquote ll have lots of fun because I myself have fun organizing those with the rest of the SSSS leaders.\par
\par
I make sure my life is not decided on the number of hours I sit near the computer everyday. I usually sing, play guitar, or listen to music during my study breaks. I compete in hackathons so I can spend time coding and laughing at compile-time errors with my friends. I also own a pair of Nike Roshes and Nike Frees to correct my posture while I\rquote m coding. (Besides, they look awesome!)\par
\par
Software Systems is my program because of my interest in bioinformatics and front-end development. Other than that, I love those CMPT courses where team collaboration is involved because I get to make new friends. (I\rquote m sure you\rquote ll do, too!)\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9\par
----------\par
\par
\b\fs28 Nancy Yang (Internal and External Representative)\b0\fs22\par
\cf1\b\f1\lang1033 Email: nya19@sfu.ca\par
Year: 3rd  \par
\b0 Internal/External Representative\par
Hi there, fellow students and friends!\par
My name is Nancy Yang and I\rquote m currently a third-year undergraduate student majoring in Software Systems. It is my absolute pleasure to serve as your Internal/External Representative on the Software Systems Student Society for the 2017/2018 academic year. \par
As a member of the SSSS, one of my aims is to \f0 communicate and engage with the SOSY student base and encourage involvement by assisting with the planning and organization of events as well as activities that suit the interests of fellow students. It\rquote s always a pleasure to meet other students in the faculty and I\rquote m also happy to share my experiences so far with the program thus feel free to say hi if you see me around campus!\cf0\lang9\par
\par
----------\par
\b\fs28\par
Quince Bielka (Second-Year Representative)\b0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1\lang1033 Email: qbielka@sfu.ca\par
Year: 2nd\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\f0\lang9\par
I\rquote m your second year representative. I\rquote m here to represent your problems to the Student society. If you see me around say hi, let me know what you think of The SSSS and what you would like to see us do. I love to hear from you all and gripe about midterms. Next time you see me say hi. I love using Java, not Javascript, to make small games. My favorite project was making a text-based adventure game,  but I hope to soon have a real one, it will be pathetic I\rquote m sure, but that\rquote s part of learning. I am also an aspiring writer. Say hi if you see me.\par
\par
----------\par
\par
\b\fs28 Chester Cervantes (Third-Year Representative)\b0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f1\lang1033 Email: ccervant@sfu.ca\par
Year: 3rd\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\f0\par
Hi everyone! My name is Chester Cervantes and I am the Third-Year Representative for the SSSS. Over my years at SFU Software Systems, I have made improved my knowledge, made new friends, and created amazing memories. To return the favor, I will make sure that our student society will be looked after and maintained.\par
Outside of computing related activities, I play musical instruments, love volleyball, and enjoy playing League of Legends as a Diamond player. Feel free to come to talk me about anything as I am open to everything.\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\lang9\par
}
 